Refactor CHANGELOG.md to the Keep a Changelog style (#2035)
JuliaDocs/Documenter.jl: CHANGELOG.md

```@meta
CurrentModule = Documenter

> ```

Reviewer: Could we add this in `make.jl`?

Author: Done

# Release notes

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

> ## Version `v0.28.0` (unreleased)

Author: ```suggestion
## Unreleased
```

* Empty Markdown headings no longer cause Documenter to crash. (#1081), (#1082)

## Version `v0.23.1`

### Fixed

* Documenter no longer throws an error if the provided `EditURL` argument is missing. (#1076), (#1077)

* Non-standard Markdown AST nodes no longer cause Documenter to exit with a missing method error in doctesting and HTML output. Documenter falls back to `repr()` for such nodes. (#1073), (#1075)

* Docstrings parsed into nested `Markdown.MD` objects are now unwrapped correctly and do not cause Documenter to crash with a missing method error anymore. The user can run into that when reusing docstrings with the `@doc @doc(foo) function bar end` pattern. (#1075)

## Version `v0.23.0`

### Version changes

* Documenter v0.23 requires Julia v1.0. (#1015)

### Breaking

* `DocTestSetup`s that are defined in `@meta` blocks no longer apply to doctests that are in docstrings. (#774)

  - Specifically, the pattern where `@docs` or `@autodocs` blocks were surrounded by `@meta` blocks, setting up a shared `DocTestSetup` for many docstrings, no longer works.

  - Documenter now exports the `DocMeta` module, which provides an alternative way to add `DocTestSetup` to docstrings.

>   **For upgrading:** Use `DocMeta.setdocmeta!` in `make.jl` to set up a `DocTestSetup` that applies to all the docstrings in a particular module instead and, if applicable, remove the now redundant `@meta` blocks. See the ["Setup code" section under "Doctesting"](https://juliadocs.github.io/Documenter.jl/v0.23.0/man/doctests/#Setup-Code-1) in the manual for more information.

Author: ```suggestion
  **For upgrading:** Use `DocMeta.setdocmeta!` in `make.jl` to set up a `DocTestSetup` that applies to all the docstrings in a particular module instead and, if applicable, remove the now redundant `@meta` blocks. See the ["Setup code" section under "Doctesting"](https://documenter.juliadocs.org/v0.23/man/doctests/#Setup-Code-1) in the manual for more information.
```
